Update README.md (#5746)
botpress/botpress: examples/README.md

### [Chat 3rd Party OAuth](./chat-3rd-party-OAuth)

> Here we will use Twitter as OAuth provider to authenticate the user in a chat session, same concepts can be applied with other providers. For step by step explanations, head to the [documentation](https://botpress.com/docs/nlu/3rd-party-NLU/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will use Twitter as OAuth provider to authenticate the user in a chat session, same concepts can be applied with other providers. For step by step explanations, head to the [documentation](https://botpress.com/docs/tutorials/chat-3rd-party-OAuth/).
```

### [Inter-bot Communication](./interbot)

> Includes an example of inter-bot communication, i.e. a Master bot delegating questions to two sub-bots. For step by step explanations, head to the [documentation](https://botpress.com/docs/managing/features#inter-bot-communication--delegation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Includes an example of inter-bot communication, i.e. a Master bot delegating questions to two sub-bots. For step by step explanations, head to the [documentation](https://botpress.com/docs/tutorials/interbot).
```
